plugins/audit/README.md, before:

# verdaccio-audit
🛡🔬 npmjs audit support for verdaccio

[![verdaccio (latest)](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/verdaccio-audit/latest.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/verdaccio-audit)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/verdaccio/verdaccio-audit/badge.svg?targetFile=package.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/verdaccio/verdaccio-audit?targetFile=package.json)
[![backers](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/tiers/backer/badge.svg?label=Backer&color=brightgreen)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio)
[![discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/388674437219745793.svg)](http://chat.verdaccio.org/)
![MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)
[![node](https://img.shields.io/node/v/verdaccio-audit/latest.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/verdaccio-audit)

## Requirements

* verdaccio@3.x or higher

```
 npm install --global verdaccio-audit
```

## Usage
To enable it you need to add this to your configuration file.
```yaml
middlewares:
  audit:
    enabled: true
    strict_ssl: true # optional, defaults to true
```

### Strict SSL

In some scenarios it may be necessary to disable SSL certificate validation. Setting *strict_ssl* to false will disable these checks, but will make all connections passing through this plugin inherently insecure.

## Disclaimer

This plugin is experimental and unstable. Please report any issue you found.

## License

MIT (http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

Commit message:

test: add new test for request current usage

plugins/audit/README.md, after:

# verdaccio-audit
🛡🔬 npmjs audit support for verdaccio

[![verdaccio (latest)](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/verdaccio-audit/latest.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/verdaccio-audit)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/verdaccio/verdaccio-audit/badge.svg?targetFile=package.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/verdaccio/verdaccio-audit?targetFile=package.json)
[![backers](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio/tiers/backer/badge.svg?label=Backer&color=brightgreen)](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio)
[![discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/388674437219745793.svg)](http://chat.verdaccio.org/)
![MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)
[![node](https://img.shields.io/node/v/verdaccio-audit/latest.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/verdaccio-audit)

## Requirements

* verdaccio@3.x or higher

```
 npm install --global verdaccio-audit
```

## Usage
To enable it you need to add this to your configuration file.
```yaml
middlewares:
  audit:
    enabled: true
    strict_ssl: true # optional, defaults to true
```

### Strict SSL

In some scenarios it may be necessary to disable SSL certificate validation. Setting *strict_ssl* to false will disable these checks, but will make all connections passing through this plugin inherently insecure.

## Disclaimer

This plugin is experimental and unstable. Please report any issue you found.

## Development

### Run Test

```
yarn test 
```

### Debugging request

We uses `nock`, `superagent` for testing. You can do this:

To check the supertest request:

```bash
  DEBUG=superagent yarn test tests/audit.spec.ts --coverage=true --runInBand
```

To check the routes:

```bash
  DEBUG=express:* yarn test tests/audit.spec.ts --coverage=true --runInBand
```


## License

MIT (http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)
